readme.md, before:

# Intro to App Building with Salesforce

Slides and materials are hosted at [gdicbus.github.io/gdi-salesforce/](gdicbus.github.io/gdi-salesforce/).

## About this course

Class is 6 hours of content + 45 minutes lunch and a 10 min afternoon break.

## Course description

Interested in an in-demand career with salaries up to six-figures? The job market for Salesforce professionals is growing, with over 100,000 job openings for the Salesforce skills created last year*. In this class, you'll get a crash course in building simple employee-facing business apps that run on both a web browser and a mobile device - without writing any code!

Whether you’re familiar with Salesforce from your work experience or are just looking for a career in a hot field, join us to learn about app-building on Salesforce.

*Report obtained under license from Burning Glass Technologies. Data from June 2014-June 2015.

### Topics covered:

 - What is Salesforce and what are the career opportunities for Salesforce Admins and Developers?

 - Crash course in app-building concepts including data modeling, user interfaces, business logic, reports, dashboards, and mobile.

 - Hands-on and guided learning to build a sample app in just one day.

 - An introduction to [Trailhead](https://developer.salesforce.com/trailhead), a fun online learning platform for Salesforce.

 - Resources for connecting with the [Salesforce community](https://success.salesforce.com/).

The tools for learning to develop with Salesforce are free:

 - [Developer Edition account](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup)

 - Salesforce1 Mobile App (AppStore and Google Play)

 - [Trailhead](https://developer.salesforce.com/trailhead/), the fun free way to learn Salesforce


[![Trailhead Video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/LIefFBi-lHw/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/LIefFBi-lHw)

## For Instructors:

This is a suggested timeline to help you stay on track.

![Suggested Class Timeline](images/timeline.png?raw=true)

### Resources
[Traliblazers video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIefFBi-lHw)

["Salesforce1 Simulator"](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/salesforce1-simulator/cknbjckicenodbiaejbmkjhldffonggp)

### Class prep:

Press `s` to open speaker notes for slides

Open browser tabs with:

 - Your Own Org with the Battle Station app complete
 - Mobile view of your org using Salesforce1 Simulator Chrome extension
 - Inspirational Video: Trailblazers
 - Trailhead

NEW Feb 2017: Lightning Experience is on by default in new DE and Trailhead Playground orgs; Battle Station project requires Lightning Experience on

Commit message:

Updated link to slides, added link to survey to slides and readme

readme.md, after:

# Intro to App Building with Salesforce

Slides and materials are hosted at [http://gdicbus.github.io/gdi-salesforce/](http://gdicbus.github.io/gdi-salesforce/).

## About this course

Class is 6 hours of content + 45 minutes lunch and a 10 min afternoon break.

## Course description

Interested in an in-demand career with salaries up to six-figures? The job market for Salesforce professionals is growing, with over 100,000 job openings for the Salesforce skills created last year*. In this class, you'll get a crash course in building simple employee-facing business apps that run on both a web browser and a mobile device - without writing any code!

Whether you’re familiar with Salesforce from your work experience or are just looking for a career in a hot field, join us to learn about app-building on Salesforce.

*Report obtained under license from Burning Glass Technologies. Data from June 2014-June 2015.

### Topics covered:

 - What is Salesforce and what are the career opportunities for Salesforce Admins and Developers?

 - Crash course in app-building concepts including data modeling, user interfaces, business logic, reports, dashboards, and mobile.

 - Hands-on and guided learning to build a sample app in just one day.

 - An introduction to [Trailhead](https://developer.salesforce.com/trailhead), a fun online learning platform for Salesforce.

 - Resources for connecting with the [Salesforce community](https://success.salesforce.com/).

The tools for learning to develop with Salesforce are free:

 - [Developer Edition account](https://developer.salesforce.com/signup)

 - Salesforce1 Mobile App (AppStore and Google Play)

 - [Trailhead](https://developer.salesforce.com/trailhead/), the fun free way to learn Salesforce


[![Trailhead Video](http://img.youtube.com/vi/LIefFBi-lHw/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/LIefFBi-lHw)

## For Instructors:

This is a suggested timeline to help you stay on track.

![Suggested Class Timeline](images/timeline.png?raw=true)

### Resources
[Traliblazers video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIefFBi-lHw)

["Salesforce1 Simulator"](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/salesforce1-simulator/cknbjckicenodbiaejbmkjhldffonggp)

### Class prep:

Press `s` to open speaker notes for slides

Open browser tabs with:

 - Your Own Org with the Battle Station app complete
 - Mobile view of your org using Salesforce1 Simulator Chrome extension
 - Inspirational Video: Trailblazers
 - Trailhead

NEW Feb 2017: Lightning Experience is on by default in new DE and Trailhead Playground orgs; Battle Station project requires Lightning Experience on

### Post-Class Survey:

GDI HQ is collecting survey results for this classes, and will share the results with us. Send students [to this address](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfGgjy5f8GhiOCq-Agg0lw3YPTOaLR-YhNW2fS29i8N48wvhg/viewform) to fill out the survey.
